# Stance prediction

To classify if an argument is for or against a specific topic.

## Claims extraction
1. Read the json ```args-me.json```.
2. Based on list of labelled topics in ```data/argsme_all_topics_abortion/argsme_all_topics_abortion_ranked.csv```, classify the arguments.
3. Summarize the argument into array of sentences and save to ```data/argsme_all_claims_abortion/argsme_all_claims_abortion.csv```

## Data exploratory analysis
1. Read the csv ```data/argsme_all_claims_abortion/argsme_all_claims_abortion.csv```
2. N-grams frequency distribution => wordcloud
3. Tfidf distribution => wordcloud
4. Phrase distribution => wordcloud
5. Sentence length distribution => barchart
6. The results are saved into ```results``` folder.

## Train and test based on sentence similarity
1. Read the csv ```data/argsme_all_claims_abortion/argsme_all_claims_abortion.csv```
2. Divide the argsme claims into training and testing
3. Use similarity comparison to find stance for each sentence in the training set. Dominant stance decides the argument stance
4. Visualize the results

## Parliament Data Processing
1. Read the folder from ```dataset_by-period``` generated by ```generate-pairs-speeches/divide_topic.py```.
2. Filter out all statements about abortion.
2. Check the stance of statement towards abortion (for, against, no stance).
3. Result is saved in ```data/parliament_all_abortion_statements/parliament_abortion.csv```

## Train and Test with RNN
1. File ```argsme_train_test_csv.py``` generates two file train.csv and test.csv for in-domain training (There are two methods: based on sentence or based on argument).
2. File ```cross_domain_train_test_csv.py``` generates two file train.csv and test.csv for cross-domain training
3. File ```train_test_RNN.py``` applies Glove Embedding and RNN for test classification task. Running instruction:
  - First, put train.csv and test.csv in this folder.
  - Second, download ```glove.6B.300d.txt``` and save into ```.vector_cache```.
  - Create ```torchtext_data``` folder.
  - Install all necessary libraries.
  - Run the file.
  - *Note: it needs a good processor / GPU to run the model well.*

The result of task is discussed in this [presentation](https://git.webis.de/webisstud/wstud-visit-the-dome-ss19/blob/master/presentations/2019-10-18/Final%20Presentation.pdf).
